Add pysquirrel to docs (#15)
iiasa/ece-docs: standards/nuts.rst

.. _nuts:

NUTS classification
===================

> The :py:mod:`nomenclature` (`read the docs`_) package makes use of the :py:mod:`pysquirrel` package

Reviewer: You could link to the section in the ece-docs about pysquirrel here

(`link <https://github.com/iiasa/pysquirrel>`_) to provide a utility for region
names based on the `NUTS classification <https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/nuts>`_. 

> This feature allows users to define an agreed list of territorial units with 

Reviewer: The users don't really define the list. I'd change it to
```suggestion
This feature allows users to easily import the NUTS regions which are territorial units with 
```
or something along those lines.
